Simplistic and very much work in progress gnome shell extension for hamster.

*WHICH VERSION*

Gnome Shell fame keeps breaking APIs on every release. That means that if you
have an older Shell version (like 3.0+ or 3.2+), you will have to pick an
older hamster shell extension too. The branches are unmaintained but should work
with the specified version.

* If you are runngin Gnome Shell 3.4, use master branch
* "Here is Gnome Shell 3.2+":https://github.com/tbaugis/hamster-shell-extension/tree/gnome-3.2 branch
* "Here is Gnome Shell 3.0+":https://github.com/tbaugis/hamster-shell-extension/tree/gnome-3.0 branch

Patches are welcome if you are running an elder version and were successful at
backporting a feature.

Also, if a new major release of gnome just came out, please give me bit of time
to update to it - i'm generally lagging a month behind.
Let's hope that they stop breaking the API!


*NOTE*: this extension works with the hamster applet version built from sources.
the process is rather simple and described here:
"http://projecthamster.wordpress.com/building-and-running/":http://projecthamster.wordpress.com/building-and-running/

To install:

pre. ./waf configure --prefix=/usr
sudo ./waf install


Note that now just installing doesn't do - the extension has to be
apparently enabled. You can do that via gnome-tweak-tool (have to install from
repos)


To have the hamster take the place in the center, run this thing:
@gsettings set org.gnome.hamster swap-with-calendar true@


You can also change appearance in the panel.
0 = label, 1 = icon + duration, 2 = just icon
@gsettings set org.gnome.hamster panel-appearance 0@


Known issues:

* it's very minimal
